Company logo: doughp-logo.webp

Shop
About Us


product-shot-1.webp
product-shot-2.webp
product-shot-3.webp
product-shot-4.webp


Sweetheart's Affair

Limited edition
Red Velvet Cupcake, Peanut Butter Kiss and Chocolate Chip

$55.00

Introducing our delectable trio of cookie dough flavors guaranteed to tantalize your taste buds like never before! Unveiling the ultimate indulgence in every bite, our cookie dough pack offers a divine selection of three mouthwatering flavors.

Whether you're craving a classic favorite or eager to embark on a culinary journey, this trio has something for everyone. So go ahead, treat yourself to the ultimate cookie dough experience and discover pure bliss in every spoonful!

Add to cart



Behind the Dough

Here's the scoop from Doughp's founder on how this flavor came to be: "I first made Red Velvet on a total whim, just a few months into business in 2017. One day, while mixing up Doughp at our original commercial kitchen in Oakland, I left to grab some lunch at a nearby bakery.

I saw an absolutely delicious-looking red velvet cake in their dessert case and immediately thought: I NEED to know what this tastes like in cookie dough! I bought the cake and mixed it right into a small 5lb batch of Doughp; cream cheese frosting, cake and all! HEAVEN by the spoonful!"



What people are saying

"It’s just so Doughp! I didn’t know what to expect, but I am so addicted now. Every flavor was delicious and I honestly can’t wait to try even more!"

Andrew J.


"Great product. Absolutely loved Doughp. Tasted great, came quickly and I love a good cause. Was happy I chose the four pack so that I could try a few flavors."

Emely W.


"Life changing! This is something you absolutely need to indulge in. Our entire family is obsessed."

Ana S.



Try it with...

ride-or-die.webp
Ride or Die
$17.00

brownie-beast.webp
Brownie Beast
$17.00

cookie-monsta.webp
Cookie Monsta
$17.00

smores.webp
Want S'more?
$17.00



Not the actual Doughp website. For educational purposes.